[16.0][ADD] product_company_default (#1412)
OCA/product-attribute: product_company_default/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module assigns default company to product.template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module populates the company field with user's company as the default value when creating new products.
```
